docs: note that lazy sessions and multi sessions are mutually exclusive (#1292)
grammyjs/website: site/docs/plugins/session.md

Lazy sessions is an alternative implementation of sessions that can significantly reduce the database traffic of your bot by skipping superfluous read and write operations.

> ::: warning Lazy sessions do not support multi sessions
> Lazy sessions and [multi sessions](#multi-sessions) are mutually exclusive.
> `lazySession` is a separate implementation of the session middleware, and it does not accept the `type: "multi"` configuration that the strict `session` middleware does.
> If you need several independent session namespaces (for example, one per chat and one per user), use the default strict `session` middleware with `type: "multi"`.
> :::

Reviewer: This takes up a bit too much space IMO. What do you think of this?
```suggestion
> Note that the lazy session implementation has no concept of multi sessions.
> Stick with the regular session implementation if you want to use its [multi sessions](#multi-sessions).
```
